=>Redux
	-What is Redux?
	-Benefits Checklist
  	-Principles of Redux
	-Core Concepts(Store,State,Reducers,Actions,Action Creators)
	-Complementray Packages
	-When do we need Redux
	-Demo
	-Tips/Gotchas
	-React Redux Library
	-Asynchronous Action (Redux Thunc)
	-Installation
	-Working with Redux saga
	-Example using Redux,Redux-thunk and Redux-saga

What is Redux:
	Redux is an open-source javascript library used to manage application state.
	It allows React components to read data from a redux store,and dispatch actions 
	to the store to update data.
	
	Actions
		-An actions sends data from your application to the Redux store.
		-It has two properties
			Type
				-The type is generally an uppercase string(assigned 
				to a constant) that describes the action.
			payload
				-The payload is additional data that may be passed 
				-Actions are payloads of informations that send
				data from your application to your store
	Action Creators
		An action creator is a function that returns an action.
	Reducers
		-A reducer is a function that takes two parameters:state and action
		-A reducer is is immutable and always returns a copy of the entire
		state
	Store
		-The Redux application state lives in the state,which is initialized
		with a reducer.When used with React , a <Provider> exists to wrap
		the application,and anything within the provider can have access to
		Redux.
		

		A store has below responsibilities:
			-Holds application state
			-Allows access to state via getState()
			-Allows state to be updated via dispatch(action)
	Dispatch
		Dispatch is a method available on the store object that accepts an object 
		which is used to update the Redux state.
	Connect
		The connect() function is one typical way to connect React to Redux.

Why should I use Redux?
	-Easily manage global state
	-Easily keep track of changes with Redux
	

Redux dependency:
	Redux
	React Redux
	Redux Thunk(Redux thunk is middleware which is used to perform the operations Asyncronously)
	Redux DevTools Extension

Installation
	npm install react-redux
	npm install redux
	or
	npm install redux react-redux

What is Redux Saga:
	redux-saga is a library that aims to make application side effect(i.e. asynchronous things like data
	fetching and impure things like accessing the browser cache)
	To perform complex asynchronous operations
	Is middleware which means it can access to the full redux application state and it can dispatch
	redux actions as well.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

=>Unit Testing
	Tools(Jest,Enzyme)
	Syntax
	Testing with zest
	Mocking

What is Unit Test
What is the purpose of unit test?
When should you write a unit test?
Prerequisite for React unit testing
	Jest
	Enzyme
				Jest helps us do all the assertions,and Enzyme helps us render React component
				in testing mode.
Installation
	npm install --save-dev jest
	npm install –save-dev enzyme
	npm install --save @types/enzyme-adapter-react-16

	yarn add enzyme react-test-renderer enzyme-adapter-react-16 --dev

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Build & Deploy
	-Building a react application for Production
	-Deploying a react application

Building
	Once a React application development is done,application needs to be bundled and deployed to a 
	production server.

	What are the commands
	
	A single command is enough to create a production build of the application.
		npm run build

	The build folder is ready to be deployed.
	You may serve it with a static server

	npm install -g serve

	Once the application is build,the application is available under build/static folder

Deployment
	Once the application is build,it can be deployed to any web server.
	
	Local Deployment
		npm install -g serve
		To start the application using serve
			cd /go/to/app/root/folder
			serve -s build

		By default serve serve the application using port 5000.
				http://localhost:5000

	Production Deployment
		Production deployment can be easily done by copying the files under build/static folder
		to the production application's root directory.
		It will work in all web server including Apache,IIS,Nginx, etc.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Micro UI
	Micro UI(Micro User Interface) in the context of React refers to a design and architectural
	approach where a large web application is composed of smaller,independent,and reusable
	user interface components.
	The concept aligns with the broader Micro frontend architecture,which aims to being the benefits of microservices
	to the frontend development enabling teams to build,test,and deploy features independently.

npm install --save-dev @babel/plugin-proposal-private-property-in-object



